Miss, can you be more reserved?
Isn't that reserved enough?
I was going to come to you in a wedding dress
You can only retreat if you are scared.
But I have a girlfriend.
You saved me three years ago
Are you okay? Are you okay?
From that moment on, I decided
I want to marry you
But just call me that or something
My girlfriend will have to wait for me.
Uh, I'll go first, hey, Songsong
Miss, you were called
Contemporary Mulan's Tang Ying Warriors
It is even more powerful to resist the son of the champion
If I make it clear that it could have been violated three years ago
Clear the enemy today
You will definitely be named Tianwu by the Qing army
Why do you have to marry this guy?
Youth is excellent
I don't like you as much as I do
Mr. Hu, go check it out
He took the next sentence
We'll go with him.
you
Been together for so long
Confessions that have been missing growth
I have been working outside these years
I didn't accompany you well
But from now on
I will give you the best life.
Will you marry me? Break up
I cheated. I cheated.